Update commands (#1765)
sonata-project/SonataMediaBundle: UPGRADE-3.x.md

UPGRADE 3.x
===========

UPGRADE FROM 3.25 to 3.26
=========================

### Commands

> Command classes were updated to inherit from `Command` instead of deprecated `ContainerAwareCommand`. Directly access to container will

Reviewer: IMO, you have 2 choices to improve the 2nd sentence:
* >Direct access to container ...
* >Accessing directly to container ...

> Based command class was replace from deprecated `ContainerAwareCommand` to `Command`. Directly access to container will
> no longer be possible. Usage services should be injected instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Command classes were updated to inherit from `Command` instead of deprecated `ContainerAwareCommand`. Directly access to container will
no longer be possible. Services that were retrieved from the DIC MUST be injected instead.
```
